c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\bin\Debug\MedicalLibrary.exe.config
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\bin\Debug\MedicalLibrary.exe
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\bin\Debug\MedicalLibrary.pdb
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\MedicalLibrary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\MedicalLibrary_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\MedicalLibrary_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\MedicalLibrary.g.resources
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\MedicalLibrary.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\MedicalLibrary.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\MedicalLibrary.exe
c:\users\pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\MedicalLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\bin\Debug\WPFLocalizeExtension.dll
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\bin\Debug\XAMLMarkupExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\bin\Debug\WPFLocalizeExtension.xml
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\View\Pages\PatientPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\View\Windows\AddPatientWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\View\Pages\PatientPage.baml
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\View\Windows\AddPatientWindow.baml
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\TestFolder\TestPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\TestFolder\TestPage.baml
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\View\Pages\CalendarPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\View\Pages\MagazinePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\View\Pages\VisitPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\View\Pages\CalendarPage.baml
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\View\Pages\MagazinePage.baml
C:\Users\Pindzia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MedicalLibrary\MedicalLibrary\obj\Debug\View\Pages\VisitPage.baml
